The code for this was made by Stefan2008!
OS Engine? Hah, that engine sucks.
"waaaah this engine sucks because its unoptimized!!" HOW ABOUT ACTUALLY SUGGEST SOME OPTIMIZATIONS THAT I CAN DO? OPTIMIZE THE CODE AND MAKE A PR BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW OPTIMIZATION
"this piece of code is stolen" if you care so much about that then how about you rewrite it so that its NOT stolen? (quote by cabfile)
It's always Bambi being a printer
If you see that your memory is leaking, then KJLÑWQEJKLÑTFIKOREI,POǛT45O,`.P6B+.O,P`5R7,IO56KPO.
Follow the rhythm ------ of your heart~
To win, you must keep your health above 0.
The vegans ate the grass on my backyard!
Oyur muohm sayZ ghet ghud
All it takes is one YouTube Video
"JS Engine"? Never heard of it
I wonder what goombas taste like...
Finna blow up a toilet
what 5 grams of jordan santiago does to an fnf engine:
"i DARE you to make a 30+mb chart with normal psych :joy_cat:" - justAMZ
What's a debug without a 7? ;)
JS engine aint JavaScript engine
These are some cool pngs
nael2xd says if you go to main menu and press 7 2 times, something cool happens
These tips were also inspired by Denpa Engine!
Did you know? The first ever FNF chart that reached over 100mb is Cydonian Sky 2!
FFNFNFN RUN BNTICH REAL ! ! !
Don't use shift charting for gods sake I BEG OF YOU
Fun fact! I am 20 kilometers away from your location and I am rapidly approaching. Start running.
The J
You can chart spam songs easier here!
Feel free to put your mod in this engine!
Be nice my BALLS!!
Put the files in .PsychEngine not .JSEngine, bro
Subscribe to Jordan Santiago for no reason!
Tip: get good
2 + 2 = 4!
if you chart a song, the total average for a 2-3 minutes song to chart fully (with character + bg + others) is around 10-60 minutes
SB Engine = Stone Block Engine (REAL)
CommunityGame should try JS Engine
have you heard about joke songs?
Support ShadowMario! He made Psych Engine.
JS Engine is a modified Psych Engine 0.6.3 with new additions and changes!
"Try to add something here tho." yeah i just did
This engine has an ingame updater!
Stefan2008 is a real one
'this engine sucks' YOU SUCK!!
this is truly a peak engine
The only engine that can compare with this is smth like uhh Denpa? DenpaEx?
Double Kill but literally everyone sings it when?
MaysLastPlays: Don't be so trollgy like other guys!
Did you know that this engine was formerly named 'Psych Engine: No Botplay Lag Edition' before having its name changed to 'JS Engine'? - Jordan Santiago
Stefan2008: 'Actually there's so many tips here tho' Jordan: 'yeah sure'
Hey MemeHoovy. You are so awesome, cool and nice person.
Grafex Engine? Good choice, so yeah.
this engine is better than os engine in every way
Make spammy charts in as little as 10 minutes!
'Bahnschrift is the better font then VCR OSD Mono's one' yeah, for SB Engine it might be
Welcome to HaxeFlixel!
Powered entirely by JavaScript!
JS Engine?!!?!?! JAVASCRIPT REFERENCE?!!??!
Tip: Press the notes.
Wait, Play Engine moment?
Tip: Press the keys and don't die.
OH MY GOD!! SCROLLING TEXT!!
Download JS Engine right now! oh wait you're already here, uhhh... STOP USING OS ENGINE
I kinda like future in 2024- Wait, 2024 EXISTS????? HUHHHH??? AND IT'S NOW 2024!? WE'RE IN THE FUTURE!!!
Stefan's grammar is so bad and un-understandable for real
2006archives says: "Penis"
Mario is the best rythm gamer on mania charts. Go subscribe him tho btw.
Mays, you know what happend if you gonna ignore Trollge?
69th line, nice.
I challenge you to make a 2 million note chart and save the chart :troll: if that works then what
Wanna find your song but theres like 1000 of them and you cant find where it is but you know the song name?? then Use the freeplay search bar!! Fast and easy.
In 2025, you can load a 1 million note chart in 1 second, probably.
Did you know that the name of the file that's loading this tip is named "funnyTips.txt"?
Chart a dave and bambi song and make it 100,000+ notes, it will be super awesome.
Imagine fnf psych engine rtx mode 
Imaging fnf psych engine 3d support
I challenge you to learn lua and code a 250kb lua file, trust me you need to be a master to do it.
"I dare you to beat my record (7,070,000 notes)" -Nael2xd
Tip: Don't use botplay when it has <30 nps, if you do, do you have skill issue?
Imagine you just- i forgot.
What if they didn't even ask for perms :moyai: -vexovex
Phone keyboard is the same as PC keyboard, whattatattaatat
Hello user, don't forget to credit JordanSantiago when you make a yt video about a chart and you use js engine :)
What if bambi breaks all of the phone in the world.
Always work 24/7, if you don't then you are lazy.
Imagine fnf psych engine but with 1,000 features
"I never get a single lag at my 1,000,000 note chart showcase with notes!" -Nael2xd
What is a extratone or hypertone anyway? I still use my 1.2 million note hypertone
Wanna get the early build but don't wanna wait for 2 weeks for a new update? Then go to https://github.com/JordanSantiagoYT/FNF-JS-Engine/actions
What do you think about notes, 1 million notes exactly.
I dare you to make a 1 hour long chart with characters with bg and make it accurate too :troll:
SB Engine? what's that?
You can use CTRL while in the Gameplay Changers menu to use a slower change value!
While in the Gameplay Changers menu, press SHIFT to reset ALL of your settings at once!
Did you know that if you press 7 twice while on this menu, nothing will happen? :trollface: